11/11

Life

Problems - 

1) Finances:

a) Groceries: i) Location: Aldi, Tesco, Premier/SPAR, Sainsbury's, University Superstore, GoPuff(e)
		 based on convenience + distance/travel time + cost of buying things
	      ii) Inventory: Knowing what is available in the fridge and pantry
			     Correlating it with the recipes that I am comfortable with making
			     Planning dishes wrt to TIME. Breakfast -> Quick (10 minutes);
			     Lunch -> Depends on my Calendar (University Classes, GYM);
			     Dinner -> Depends on Taste and Storage.
			     Making a meal that can be stored 50% of the time for future meals - bulk cook.
	      iii) Expenses: Tracking all receipts from stores using OCR and Bank Statements.

~ Optimized Planning of Food and Groceries based on existing patterns. Detailed tracker of inventory, it's source, and recipes.

b) Travel: i) Train: Tickets cost 2.05-2.10gbp (open return). 
		     Relevant Stations: Five Ways (Home), University, and Selly Oak (near gym, stores)
	  ii) Bike: 210gbp/year (but free to use in our context, since already paid)
		    Slower Travel - in rush times to reach classes on time. 30 mins minimum (10-15m travel + parking).
	  iii) Route: Each day classes happen in different buildings - and the campus is huge so the route varies.
		      Canal Route - requires a couple minutes extra to take the cycle down the staircase etc.
		      Elevation plays an important role - Uphills are exhausting on the bike (not involved in canal)
		      Going and Returning = Different Route. and if going by train - coming back by train (since free return) 

~ Current Problem: Trains cancelled abruptly. Bike+Train is the most common plan (as walking from station to the building where the class is will take way longer than deboarding the bike from my basement through the lift and getting it in the station lift etc. Optimize in a way that I save this 2 pounds everyday - and use the train only when it truly serves a purpose i.e avoid being late in general.

c) Junk: Despite being here since 15/09-11/11 - no real clarity of whether I am overpaying for certain things or not. Spending recklessly on some things out of hunger, thirst, or need (like a fly spray for 3.49 - no idea if it's good)

d) Budgeting: No monthly budget or weekly budget or anything. Just tap to pay all day. Organize my bank account, put everything in pots and use only what I need per month etc for efficient use.



2) Routine Mess  -

a) Substance Abuse: For 6 months from March 3 - September 19 - I didn't vape, smoke pot, and dramatically decreased my energy drink usage from 1 or more per day to a couple a month. My gf lives in Liverpool (we were in a long-distance relationship for 18 months) - came and stayed with me for a month from Sep 19-Oct19 

She brought weed. And the quality of weed compared between the countries is just miles apart. Anyway - I smoked up for a week, and then since I have no plugs (being new to the city) nothing for a while till October 9 when I finally found someone to give me a contact - and smoked up everyday since October 9 to November 9. 

Bought a vape between Sep19-24 I don't know when - and never looked back. Vaping since then till present.
Stopped tracking my habits, stopped tracking my protein intake, stopped working on this project. Just had fun. 

Classes started Sep 29, and Sep 30 - my laptop screen stopped working. I was fully determined to stop smoking up or vaping and attend classes and socialize and build things - but my laptop decided to give up on Day 2. Tried fixing it myself - missed a ton of classes from then till now. Didn't socialize with anyone except the person I met on the first day - where I truly was present. A total mess. Rot - Vape - Improper Meals - Missing Gym cause of Travel, Time and just Depression. 

Stopped taking my medicines on time everyday. Finally found someone to fix my laptop properly after a repair shop fucked it  up even more due to their incompetence despite telling them it's just a display issue. Got it back on Friday ( 7/11/2025). Didn't do much - decided to just smoke up one last weekend. 

Monday 10/11 - Wake up early-> Proper Breakfast -> Attend Class -> Went to Gym -> Both by Bike not Train -> Came home -> Cleaned Room and then ROT - The kitchen was a mess because of my flatmates - fruit flies - I went out to get a fruit fly thing couldn't find. It was already 9-10pm and I am making some egg dosas in a complete mess - the batter's flying everywhere. No lunch - just this dinner. Brush + Skincare and then go to Sleep by 00:30-1.

Tuesday 11/11 - My class is at 9am  for that I have to be awake by 7:30 atleast to eat, bathe, get ready and ride/take train with bike. But I woke up at 8:10am - I gave up. There was no way I could rush like that and make it without exhausting myself like a bitch and being hungry. I went back to sleep - put in the attendance code by texting some random classmates for both the classes. Got up at 2pm.. Ate a good breakfast but then did nothing after that.

It's 7pm right now. I have done nothing - but fortunately haven't succumbed to smoking up yet. The intention is to stop vaping as well when the juice in the pod runs out - which it very likely will today itself. Basically not buying  a new anything vaping related to solve this. 

Wednesday 12/11 (tomorrow) - There's some English Seminar or something - I have skipped it every week since it's inception - it's not a module so I don't care. It's gym day (since the plan was to go every alternate day - we can change if we find a better more doable schedule). I want to wake up early - eat properly, and actually do things for once instead of rotting watching reels all day - I am becoming my old depressed af self. The medicines didn't cure my depression but they worked - they gave me a routine of working out everyday and obsessing over protein intake - but it was also a result of the hope of the outcome - of me coming to the UK after it all and my life changing - and that didn't work and my brain has resolved back to being extremely depressed about the wars, starvation, and just the lack of concern capitalism have for the society beyond exploitation. I don't want to be sad all day cause it's a privilege - it doesn't achieve anything whatsoever for this apparent change that I am wanting to see. I want to use the resources, this financial technology msc education and what not to fight the system to make a difference without having to give up and disappoint both my family who want me to have a career within the system and the general public who wishes the privileged middle class would stand up for genocides, poverty and just a fucked system. 


3) Food - 
I used to obsess over protein intake but can't have more than 2 decent uncalculated af meals everyday. I am not even drinking the protein shake I bought almost 2 months back paying 25 pounds for cause it sucks - but it's not that bad honestly for 30g protein and creatine. I have drank it 4-5 times at best. It's caramelized biscuit or some shit. 

I want to track everything I am eating down to the salt I put in it. Because I as a person, am obsessed with data. It makes me do things more , some fancy tick boxes showing my progress - despite how ridiculous it works - it stopped working after a point - but I blame the external circumstances of such a big change in life to not having time to mark some habit streaks. 

At any given point - my messyAI or whatever tf we will call it - should have a plan for the entire week - every single week and buttons to change it incase something falls of schedule or changes. Which brand which store which product which recipe. I want to let this fucking technology control my entire day to day life till I reach a point of proper wellbeing physically atleast to do things that matter. I hate tech I hate AI - but I need this bitchass godforsaken technology so badly to monitor every single fucking thing I do in a clean af dashboard - beyond a glorified fucking to-do list or some shit

4) Assignments - I have a 2000 word essay on EMH or something for Portfolio Theory due on 24/11 less than 2 weeks - for which I have missed a million classes. I have another 2000 word thing for Corporate Finance due on 8/12 and then one more for Programming for Data Science (will be published on Monday - not yet out) 

Building Tech - I want to make things beyond this life managing software man - I have spent 6 months on this already achieving nothing - if the best resort is to give up I will just do that - I can't go around spamming AI all day to do this for me cause I do not have the required skillset beyond basic knowledge of integration, and how things work. I made a good thing but it's not that great.

Classes - actually want to learn this course that I paid 40 grand for..

5) Laundry costs 6-7gbp (washer+dryer) - takes 2+ hours -> put it in my calendar knowing when to do it ( when I run out of underwears or something. Remind me to handwash gym clothes cause I need to reuse them before my next laundry session etc.

Skincare - I have been consistent with this throughout this 2 month period despite my terrible breakdown of the rest.
Since it's new and wasn't a thing before UK. 

Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser -> Simple Facial Toner (optional - since it's wet I don't use it that often) -> Snail Mucin Corsx Power Essence -> Cerave Face Moisturizer -> Sunscreen SPF50 (if I am going out - mornings basically) -> Lip Therapy by Vaseline

Hair -> Wash it every 2 days. Use Blow Dryer -> Osis+ Dust Volume Powder. Baptiste Dry Shampoo Volumizer on off days but doesn't do a great job making me look less homeless (but works for now)

Oral Care -> Floss+Brush+TongueClean+Mouthwash twice a day

- these I have been consistent with - and want to continue doing - but they take time in the mornings - so need to wake up earlier -> cook better and faster etc. I need everything a lot more organized to be able to do things otherwise most of the day goes by and I do nothing beyond eating and skincare and travelling to and back..


6) Leisure - Planning Social Events, TV Shows, Movies, etc based on release dates or what not.

7) Restaurant Website - this goes along with the building things, but for my mom. A restaurant website that can take orders and assign delivery parterns using a third party service and then print bills using PetPooja while connecting the customers to my mom's WhatsApp directly for the order, and accept payments etc

8) I can't afford to pay for AI unless I am 100% sure I will be able to do things, make a difference. I ran out of my gemini credits and claude subscription during this exile. I will get them again or something more affordable - depends on time.


